q2)
    Malicious executables can be running in the background, even though to a normal user, it seems like the
    executable cant be run due to admin issues. In general, it is not safe to give admin priv to arbitrary
    software from the internet, because it can be unclear what the true goal of the software is. In the case 
    of the demo, a keylogger was masquerading as amongus cheats. Obviously, windows defender doesnt have the
    most secure keylogger detection. However, the installation of the keylogger (in this case) is largely 
    due to the poor OPSEC of the user as they allowed the executable to have admin priv. In thsi case, windows
    sees this exe as legit, as the user authenticated its admin use.

q3)
a)
    Any form of microphone can be used to do acoustic keylogging.
b) 
    from the figure, it seems that acoustic keylogging can be quite accurate, as only
    a few data points are a part of the wrong cluster (eg. h data point a part of n cluster). 
    With this in mind, a hacker can use common-sense to replace mislabeled characters with 
    the correct character.

q4)
    C: obviously, as a keylogger records keyboard stroke, confidentiality is totally lost. For example, passwords, 
    SSN, usernames, etc. can all be intercepted with a keylogger

    I: In general, a keylogger will only monitor keystrokes. Therefore, in most cases, integrity is not effected, as
    any user's messages are unmodified and fully intact.

    A: In general, a keylogger is passive and will try to be as minimal in regards to interface/resource use. Therefore,
    its highly unlikely that a keylogger would effect availability

    a: Its not possible to fully obfuscate a keylogger running on a machine. Therefore, a tech-savy individual would be 
    able to realize that a malicious process is running as its logs and resource use will be logged.

    a: If a password is intercepted, authentication is obviouslt compromised, as the hacker can authenticate as a legit
    user on the compromised system.